[2.1] Document empty ROI feature (#16)
Intermodalics/pickit-docs: docs/documentation/region-of-interest/modifying-the-region-of-interest.rst

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/Remove-ground-roi.png

.. _Detecting-an-empty-roi:

Detecting an empty ROI box
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In an application it's often relevant to identify when the ROI box is empty.
Consider the case where we're interested in detecting boxes, as shown below:

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/Roi-non-empty.png

There are two situations that can produce no box detections, which Pickit can
differentiate:

1. The ROI box is **not empty**, but Pickit doesn't detect any boxes (below left).
2. The ROI box is **empty** (below right).

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/Roi-empty.png

> 

Reviewer: The example seems some what strange to me. 

For me the empty ROI would be interesting for other reasons:

- Change bin
- Stop looking in the bin
- Guide logic in a multi step program

Author: OK, will reword this part.

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/Remove-ground-roi.png

.. _Detecting-an-empty-roi:

Detecting an empty ROI box
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In an application it's often relevant to identify when the ROI box is empty.
Consider the case where we're interested in detecting boxes, as shown below:

.. image:: /assets/images/Documentation/Roi-non-empty.png

There are two situations that can produce no box detections, which Pickit can
differentiate:

> 1. The ROI box is **not empty**, but Pickit doesn't detect any boxes (below left).

Author: ```suggestion
1. The ROI box is **not empty**, but Pickit doesn't detect the currently selected object type (boxes in this case, below left).
```

Author: @TimHabra how's this alternative suggestion? I'm trying to make a general statement, as you propose, but still keep grounded to the example scenario that is being discussed, which is boxes.

Reviewer 2: Perfect
